You've just been invited to play a once in a
lifetime game where every dare can make you
rich overnight. But if you had to do the most
suave and terrifying things to win a quarter
million dollars, what would you do? This game
escalates the most futile dares imaginable. And
however far you think it's going to go, it goes
much, much further. I'm going to break down the
mistakes made, what you should do, and how to
beat the game and get rich in Cheap Thrills.
Craig here, is going to lose everything. He
finds an eviction notice on his front door,
warning him that he needs to pay $4,500 in seven
days, or else he'll be kicked out. He goes to work
and gets called into his boss' office, finding
out that he's just been fired. He's got no way to
support his family or pay his rent, and they'll
be homeless if he doesn't find something fast.
He goes to a bar to drown his sorrows and runs
it to his old friend, Vince, from high school.
He buys him a drink, but Craig here, notices
bruises on the man's knuckles and learns his
friend has become a professional debt collector.
Vince tells him he's had to do terrible things for
the job and that Craig would never be capable of
it. But they're both about to find out that Craig
here, is willing to go so far over the line that
you won't even recognize him by the end. They're
invited to drink with this couple, Colin and
violet, to celebrate the woman's birthday.
And the man tells him he wants to make a friendly
bet. Colin here, pours two glasses of tequila and
turns the rest of their night into a game. The
first person to drink their shot will win $50.
Without hesitation, Vince here, grabs his
glass and drinks it, winning the bet before
his friend even realizes what's going on. Vince
has won $50 and this seems like an innocent game,
but this is only the beginning
of a truly horrifying situation.
This will get so twisted that eating your
own severe finger is not even the worst
thing they'll consider doing by the end of the
night. Now, this might not be a death game yet,
but for a man who's lost his job and about
to lose his home, he should definitely
be looking at this like it's a survival
scenario. Because if he doesn't earn $4,500
in seven days, his life as he knows it is over.
So if someone offers me a free shot for $50,
I would slam it down faster than
you could say drinking problem.
$50 is several days of groceries, or a month
worth of diapers for his son. And an opportunity
like this shouldn't be passed up. This couple
is obviously loaded, because this is a $300
bottle of tequila, and he bought it on a
whim. He's also throwing money at us for
his own entertainment. So we should immediately be
asking ourselves how much they're willing to spend
and how far they're willing to go, because we
could make a lot of money before the night ends.
I would ask the man to give me something else to
do, because if drinking a free shot of tequila is
worth 50, there's a world of other things I'd
be willing to do with alcohol in my system,
and for a whole lot more. Colin here, hands
over the 50 bucks as promised. But when the
debt collector gives it to his friend, the
rich guy insists, he played by the rules and
keep the money he won. Vince takes it
back and they move on to the next bet.
Vince here, seems like a nice guy, but he's
going to get so jealous of how much money Craig
will make tonight that it's going to drive him
insane. They all start playing darts and the rich
guy offers $50 if they can hit the face on the
bill. Vince here, narrowly misses the targets,
but the rich guy quickly escalates the
game. Neighing towards a woman at the bar,
he makes another bet, offering $200 to
anyone who gets her so angry she slaps them.
Craig here, isn't sure if it's worth the risk,
but his friend convinces him it's too much money
to pass up. And he approached the bar to give
it a shot. Okay. We all want to see Craig here,
get slapped in the face. The game is starting
to involve other people. And that makes things
a little more complicated, but I would definitely
take this bet. Because if my family is going to be
evicted and out on the streets in seven days
time, I'd do just about anything for $200.
That's enough to pay for a month of car
insurance. And when you're broke with no job,
$200 for a slap is a no-brainer. Now, this woman
doesn't know if Craig here might be violent,
and she doesn't have any friends to help
defend her. Under these circumstances,
slapping a man in the face is a dangerous
risk for any woman to take, because most
people avoid confrontation at all costs. And
that makes it harder for you to win the bet.
The obvious solution is to tell her about the game
and offering to pay for her drink in exchange for
a convincing slap. It's a win-win. We all need
to vent out a bit of anger once in a while. And
as long as we're letting this stranger know she's
safe and everyone gets entertained in the process,
I'm happy to see her get some healthy release. But
with how messed up each of these characters are,
and the way the rest of this night
is only going to get worse and worse,
we can go one step further to
take care of our mental health.
BetterHelp offers professional counseling, done
security online. So if you feel that there's
something interfering with your happiness, or
is preventing you from achieving your goals,
definitely check out BetterHelp. Normally,
I'd make a joke here, but seriously,
I highly recommend talking to somebody if
you're having some issues in your life.
This past year has been especially difficult
on a lot of people's mental health,
and there's no shame in it. This service
is available for clients worldwide.
It's more affordable than traditional offline
counseling, and financial aid is available.
BetterHelp will assess your needs and match
you with your own licensed professional
therapist. And they are committed to
facilitating great therapeutic matches,
so they make it easy and free to change counselors
if needed. You can log into your account anytime
and send a message to your counselor.
You'll get timely and thoughtful responses.
Plus you can schedule weekly
video or phone sessions,
so you won't ever have to sit in an uncomfortable
waiting room as with traditional therapy.
You can visit their website and read their
testimonials that are posted daily. BetterHelp
wants you to start living a happier life today.
Visit betterhelp.com/howtobeat to get 10% off your
first month. And join the over one million people
who have taken charge of their mental health,
with the help of an experienced professional.
Thank you to BetterHelp for sponsoring this video.
Craig here, walks up to the woman.
But when she turns to face him,
the man chickens out and walks back to the
group. His friend decides to show them all
how it's done. And it only takes seconds before
the woman smacks him right across the face.
Vince now has $250 and Craig still has
zero. He walks back with a huge grin and
the man congratulates him by cutting a few
lines of nose candy in front of everyone.
The bartender catches them in the act and
tells them that he's not allowed to do this.
But when he offers her $400, she has
a change of heart and takes the bribe.
The man has been here for less than
30 minutes and has already spent over
a $1,000. And that's nothing compared to
what he's going to be offering them later,
because this guy has 250 grand in a safe at home.
And it's going to get downward disgusting by the
time that money comes out. They move the party
to a strip club where the guys are looking to
escalate the game. But the rich man starts
complaining about the no touching policy.
That's when he offers $200 to the first man
who slaps his stripper on the butt. Craig here,
thinks it's going too far, but his friend jumps
up to the challenge and heads across the club.
Okay. This game is starting to
cross some ethical boundaries.
And that means it's escalating
further outside of your control,
and requires you to put more at risk in order to
earn the money. All strip clubs have bouncers,
and there's no way that slapping this girl in the
flapjacks won't get you beaten up and tossed out.
Now, I'll never condone touching
a woman without her consent,
because it's flat out wrong. But if you asked
me to choose between my family starving or this,
I'm going to have to think twice about the
opportunity that's being offered here. To me,
the only way to win is to rig the game and get
this woman's consent without letting anyone know.
Being a stripper is not an easy job,
earning roughly $190 a day on average,
but can frequently make as little as
$20 for the entire evening if it's slow.
With this in mind, I would approach the stripper
and respectfully tell her about the situation,
how much money is at stake, and if she would
like to participate to earn 50% of the bet. If
you asked me whether I wanted to make a $100
giving a stranger a lap dance for 10 minutes,
or making the same amount of money in one
second with a gentle slap on the booty,
I'd take the latter. If she agrees, then I'll ask
her to look upset, but to not call the bouncers.
And that way, I can make sure I can stay in
the club long enough to give her the money
she's earned. Making sure that his friends can
see him, Vince here, spanks the stripper hard.
Vince has now earned a $450 and Craig,
the party pooper, still has zero.
They all leave the club quickly before they get
in trouble and climb into the rich man's car.
But it's getting too much for Craig here, and he
insists he needs to get back home to his wife.
Suddenly, a bouncer storms out of the club
and confronts the man, accusing him of hitting
one of the dancers. He tells him he didn't do
it, but that's when the rich man shouts out
that he'll give him $500 if he hits him first. And
Craig looks at the bouncer to consider the offer.
Okay. Right now, $500 is a lot of
money. That's more than one month
of groceries for the average American family.
But this bet has a lot more to consider here.
If you punch a bouncer, you're guaranteed to get
knocked the (beep) out. And this is going to cost
you a lot of money. First of all, this man is
wearing glasses, which costs an average of $196.
And a punch in the face will definitely break both
your glasses and possibly, even your nose. Without
health insurance, a broken nose requires an X-ray,
a facility fee, and a doctor fee for roughly $500
total. With one swing, you could win $500
and lose $696 in the blink of an eye.
Now, with all that said, I would still take the
bet, but with one modification. This man has
already had at least two shots and three beers,
which will definitely slow his response time.
And he might not even be fast enough to land a
punch, let alone dodge one. That's why I would
try to win the $500 by kicking this bouncer in
the balls. It will technically qualify as hitting
him first. And this would make him flinch in pain
long enough for me to run back to the car safely.
It's definitely a cheap shot, but we're never
coming back to this club. There's a getaway
vehicle 15 feet away, and this bouncer is
blaming you for something you didn't do.
So it's the best and only way out of this
situation. Craig here, goes for the gold
and decides to hit the bouncer in the face. With
one bet, Craig has earned $500 and that's nothing
compared to what he'll make by the end of the
night. He's surprised with himself and looks
back to his friends. But as soon as he does, the
bouncer knocks him out cold with a single punch.
Okay. Now, before we get any further, this
guy just took a serious beating. And because
YouTube won't let us show any blood, we have to
blow the next scenes. But trust me, by the end
of the video, they're going to be doing bets that
are so insane, you'll be glad that we blurred it.
Later that night, Craig here, wakes up on
someone else's couch and checks his pockets
to find a missed call from his wife, as well
as $500 he won from the fight with the bouncer.
Walking into another room, he finds out they're
in the rich man's house and they're all glad to
see he's awake so they could continue playing
the game. But all he wants to do is go home.
The rich man insists he takes
some painkillers before leaving,
and Craig agrees to wait for the medicine. Colin
and Vince here, go into the study where the rich
man opens a safe. And the debt collector is
shocked when he sees bundles of cash inside.
Realizing he's just hit the jackpot, he sits back
and starts to come up with a plan to rob this rich
couple blind. In the living room, the wife gently
cleans the mud off of Craig's face and asks him
if he's ever broken any bones. He tells her he
broke his foot once, flying off a skateboard. And
it reminds her she once saw a skateboarder get
hit by a car, and that the kid's breaking bones
sounded like a snapping tree branch. Okay. This
woman has psychopath written all over her face.
All night long, this woman has looked bored
and expresses no emotion. But when she tells
a story of a boy getting hit by a car, it
makes her smile. This is a major red flag.
Now, it's important to remember that
this entire night is to celebrate her
birthday. And that means everything that's
happening is a show for her entertainment.
If she's a psychopath that always smiles
at death and we are her birthday present,
that turns our situation from financial
survival into a life or death scenario.
And it forces us to look at this whole game
a lot differently. I would start to consider
how much freedom we actually have here.
Every time Craig tried to leave, they wouldn't
let him, and keep manipulating him to stay.
These guys could be serial killers for all we
know, and earning a few $1,000 means nothing
if you aren't alive long enough to spend it.
These kinds of people lack empathy for others,
so we need to exploit that. She wants to
see the most (beep) up things imaginable.
I would try striking a deal, offering
to sell out my friend Vince here,
and make her night. If we promise to push him in
these bets until he reaches his breaking point,
I would only ask that they let me leave
unharmed with half the money in return.
She will logically conclude that this is a good
deal that fulfills her desires, and it gives you
the best chance to survive and win money. It
might be cruel, but getting rich and staying
alive are much higher on my priorities than
keeping a friend I haven't seen in five years.
The guy comes back in and gives Craig here, a
handful of pills, as the rich man asked them all
to follow him outside. He leads them to the patio
to show them the view and tells them a story about
how his wife designed the house. But it's all just
a distraction as Craig here, suddenly realizes
that Vince has taken another bet. He looks down
to find his friend is peeing all over his shoes.
Vince has now earned $750 and Craig here,
is seriously pissed off about all this.
Furious, he goes back inside the house to
wash off the stains and Vince follows him,
trying to calm him down, because he's got a plan.
He's going to rob the couple and needs Craig's
help to do it. But the man refused to help,
pointing out that the guy will call the cops.
Vince here, is certain that will never happen
because the police will see this guy is coked out
of his mind and arrest everyone. And realizing
this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity,
he agrees to help him steal the cash.
Okay. This is a great idea, and I would
definitely consider this if I was in his
position. This guy is coked out of his mind,
extremely trusting. And most importantly,
he did not enter any numbers into the safe. It
was already open when he walked in. This makes
him a prime candidate to steal from.
But there's one vital clue here that
tells us that this could go horribly
wrong if it's not done the right way.
If you're robbing a house, the most basic thing
you need to do is to survey the entire place,
to get an idea of where the exits are and what
kind of security system they might have. If he
had taken a moment to study his environment,
he would have realized that this guy is not
someone they want to mess with, because
he's an award-winning martial artist and
could easily kick their asses. The best
way to do this is with a distraction.
I would tell my debt collector friend here,
to entertain the couple while I sneak into
the office and take as much money as
I can carry, and look for a backdoor.
Leaving your friend here is the only solution,
because it keeps the couple's attention long
enough for you to escape. And your friend
won't come looking for you because he
thinks you're still helping him. These two
haven't seen each other in over five years,
so it was not a friendship they
were interested in keeping anyways.
And that makes them someone I'd be willing to
throw under the bus and escape the situation with
a (beep) load of money before this betting game
gets out of hand and takes a deadly turn. He might
come looking for me, but we're already going to
be evicted, so I can use this money to relocate my
family. And we'll never see him again. They leave
the bathroom and tell the couple, they've kissed
and made up. But when the rich man approaches to
hand him $300, he shoves him against the wall.
Putting a knife to the guy's throat, he
demands to know what the safe's combination is,
and the guy tells him it's not even locked.
Craig runs into the office and shoves the money
into cardboard boxes as quickly as he can. The
friend of demands they hand over the car keys,
but suddenly the man grabs his
wrist and knocks him to the ground,
as his wife pulls out a gun and points it at
Craig. That's when things take a strange turn,
because instead of calling the cops, he tells
him to pretend that none of this ever happened.
This whole thing was organized for his wife's
birthday. And that's when he admits that all
this cash was already set aside for them to
play the game and do crazy, messed up things,
but only if they obey every command to earn it.
They both decided to keep playing, and the rich
man tells them their next dare: whoever can
hold their breath the longest, gets $500.
Suddenly, Craig here, gets a call
from his wife and he answers it to
find out that it's 2:00 AM and she's worried sick.
She knows he's been fired and begs him to come
back home. But the rich man offers him $300
to hang up on his wife. Okay. This is the easiest
$300 he's going to make all night. And I would
hang up on my wife faster than you can say custody
battle, but it's such a great offer that it's
distracting us from a serious red flag here. So
far, there's been a reasonable proportion for each
bet, where drinking a shot of tequila is worth $50
and punching a bouncer in the face is worth $500.
But there's no reason that
hanging up the phone is worth $300
as a form of entertainment. It just doesn't
make sense. And that's why it's a red flag.
He's offering way too much money for this because
he doesn't want us contacting the outside world
to tell anyone where we are, or what's going
on. That tells us he wants this game to get
really twisted and is trying to control the flow
of information. Our lives are clearly in danger.
But if we leave, we miss out on a
once-in-a-lifetime chance to earn more money in a
single night than I can make in over five years on
an average salary. I would stick around as long as
they kept giving me money. But instead of hanging
up on my wife, I would tell them that I did and
make $300, but keep the call going with the phone
inside my pocket. The wife will be confused,
but she'll be able to listen in and figure
out what's going on while I drop her hints.
That way, I can make sure every
word of the night was recorded,
in case things take a serious turn and we need
a witness or someone who knows our location,
in case we need help in a life or death emergency.
Craig here, hangs up on his wife, winning $300.
Craig has now earned $800 total, which puts
him back in the lead. And he's finally ready
to start taking this game seriously. Vince
already started playing for the next bet
and now, it's Craig's turn. If he can hold his
breath longer than Vince did, he will win $500.
Afraid of losing, Vince here, punches him in
the stomach just seconds before he was about to
beat his record. Colin here, lets it go since
he didn't lay down any rules. But Craig here,
wants to get revenge and wants to know what
the next bet is. Vince has stolen this guy's
chance to win money he desperately needs to
keep his family off the streets. Craig here,
could have easily won this bet. He's the only
person in the room that hasn't been doing drugs
all night. And that's a huge advantage, because
coke dramatically increases your heart rate.
If the heart is pumping faster, then it's
converting more of your blood oxygen into
carbon dioxide, making it a lot harder to
hold your breath. But Craig made a huge
mistake here by not realizing that this bet is
the first competitive winner-take-all challenge.
And if you already know your friend is a debt
collector, who's a professional at taking money
away from others, you have to assume he's going
to find every possible way to take your money.
There's only one way to win
these bets from this point on,
and we need to start looking for every
opportunity to screw this guy over and cheat.
For $500, we're not interested in honesty and
sportsmanship. We're interested in winning at
all cost. The rich man leads them outside
and shows them a turd in front of his house.
His neighbor's dog is always pooping on his
lawn and he wants revenge. The first man who
takes a dump inside the neighbor's house with
a photo to prove they did it, will win $1,200.
Without hesitation, they run to break into the
building and squat down on the floor to perform
their duty. He finishes his business
and stands up to take a picture of it,
before yelling good luck to his
friend, as he runs out of the house.
A girl wakes up and is shocked to find Vince with
his pants around his ankles. And he runs out of
the house. But on his way back, he notices the
neighbor's dog and comes up with a horrible plan.
Vince here, walks in carrying the neighbor's dog
and offers to will it for money. But the rich man
is disgusted and won't have a helpless animal
grilled on his wife's birthday. Craig has now
earned $2,000 total, but his friend
Vince, is already planning his revenge.
For the next bet, the first person to make
the rich man a vodka tonic will get $300.
Craig here, walks out of the kitchen, but
gets thrown to the floor by his friend.
That's when things start to get out of control.
The wife comforts Craig, rubbing his shoulders,
and suddenly offers to sleep with him to help
him relax. He can't believe what he's hearing,
and tells them he won't cheat on his wife. But
when the men offers him $4,500 and makes it
a bet, he starts to consider her proposal.
Okay. This is taking generosity to a whole
new level. Less than half an hour ago,
they were being robbed. And now,
they're turning the other cheek
in the kinkiest way possible. $4,500 is
going to save his family from eviction.
But if his wife ever finds out, he's
not going to have a family to save.
Just by looking at how jealous Vince is of how
much money Craig is making, you can rely on him
to make this situation much worse. I would expect
that if we survive the night, Vince will threaten
to tell the wife what happened and destroy his
marriage just out of spite. Now, there's another
angle here that could actually make this even
more dangerous. The rich man is doing everything
here for his wife's darkest desires, but that
doesn't necessarily mean he won't be jealous.
Statistically, one of the highest causes of
both manslaughter and premeditated murder
is because of adultery. And it's not
uncommon for a situation just like this
turning violent very quickly. Going
through with this bet could win you $4,500,
but it's not difficult to imagine that this guy
could come looking to murder you for revenge. For
me, this is one line that I wouldn't cross. And I
would wait for the next bet to keep making money.
Craig here, can't resist the offer. And
with $4,500 on the line, he agrees. The
wife starts going at it as the other men watch.
And Vince here is completely shocked by what's
happening. By the time it's all over, Craig is
exhausted from all the money he's just made.
Now, he's earned $6,500 total, which is
enough to pay for four months of rent.
The host excuses himself and change
out of his clothes, but Craig here,
has had enough. And taking his earnings, he walks
out of the front door, leaving his friend behind.
The couple return, and they're excited to make
even crazier bets. But when they notice that Craig
is missing, the woman begins to sulk. Greedy for
more money, Vince here insists they could continue
playing and wants to know what the next challenge
is. Noticing he's lost his wife's attention,
Colin here, leads the man into the kitchen and
tells him to cut off his own pinky. Nervous,
he asks how much it's worth and the rich
man slams $25,000 down on the cutting board.
It's a huge payout and the man can't resist the
money being offered. He's about to go through with
it, but that's when they hear Craig offered to
do it for $23,000. Furious, his friend tells him
to leave. But the man has realized that after he
pays his three months of overdue rent, he'll only
have enough money for one more month. And has no
choice but to continue playing. Vince immediately
undercuts his friend, bidding $22,000 to pluck
his own finger scoff. And a bidding war starts.
But neither of them realize that this is
going to be nothing compared to what they'll
have to do next. Okay. Now, the stakes are
escalating out of control. If we keep playing,
it will affect us permanently. And there's no
going back. This is a very dangerous progression,
because if you show this couple that you're
willing to cut off your pinky, I guarantee
you they're going to ask themselves what else you
might be willing to cut off for their enjoyment.
They hold all the power, and we can't
leave because we need to make as
much money as possible. So the smartest
thing to do here is to broker leverage.
I would try to convince my friend that
by refusing the bet and working together,
we can gain bargaining power to force the couple
to find safer challenges and to drive up the
prices in this night of twisted entertainment.
If we can't persuade them, then we have to move
to plan B, and consider if cutting off your
own pinky actually makes any financial sense.
First of all, the pinky is a lot more
important for daily life than you may think.
But finger plantation has a pretty low success
rate, because it involves joining tendons,
bones, and reconnecting arteries. It also
costs over $10,000 and you wouldn't be able
to work for 120 days after the surgery.
So altogether, this is a terrible deal.
Craig's final offer is $15,000. And Vince
finally decides it's not worth it. Craig
places his pinky on the table, but is shocked
to learn his friend is going to do the honors.
Terrified, he tries to stall the bet, but
his friend is looking for revenge and chops
his pinky off without warning. Screaming
in vain, he runs to the couch weezing,
and the rich man closes his moans shut,
congratulating him on his victory.
Craig has now earned $21,500 total, and that's
half of your salary in a single night. He asked
for his pinky ring, but that's when Colin hears a
gagging noise and starts looking for the source.
Behind the bar, he's horrified to find that
the neighbor's dog has choked on Craig's pinky
ring and denied. The rich man picks up the dog,
taking the meat cleaver with him, and he better
not do what I think he's going to do. As they
wait, Vince threatens his friend for stealing
his bet. But Craig argues, he needs the money
more than him because he has a family. Things
are getting heated. But soon, Colin here returns
to the living room and offers his guests dinner.
They gather at the table. But when Vince
here lifts the cover, he's terrified by
what's being served. The rich man has cooked up
the bread dog and offers $50,000 to the first
person who finishes their portion. Okay.
Plucking off my pinky is already extreme,
but grilling and cooking a hog is so far over the
line that even Satan would tell them to calm down.
I'm not going to eat this innocent animal for any
amount of money. Colin here, points out 50 grand
is more money than they'll make in a year, and
could solve so many of their financial problems.
And it's enough to convince them both to
take the bet. Finishing their meals at
the exact same time, the rich man can't
figure out which one deserves to win.
So his wife offers a tiebreaker. Handing
him the ice bucket with a finger inside,
the man tells them that whoever eats Craig's
pinky, will be declared the winner of the bet.
He throws it across the room and the men fight
over it. But Craig here, manages to rip it free.
He brutally kicks Vince to make sure he stays
down and puts the severe finger in his mouth,
chewing it up and swallowing it all the way down.
Craig has now earned $71,500 and now, Vince is
going to make sure he regrets it. His friend
suddenly tackles him to the floor and
savagely beats his friend into a floody pulp.
Shaken by what he's just done, the rich man
leads him outside and Vince here, complains
about how he was betrayed and is terrified
that he almost grilled his oldest friend.
But that's when the rich man comes up with an
idea. He offers $250,000 if Vince kills Craig,
and reminds him that he'll get all
the money he needs for a new life.
Okay. This is the final bet and we have a
tough decision to make here, because willing
friends in a death game is one thing, but filling
friends for cash is a whole new level of evil.
Luckily for us, there's a way we could get the
$250,000 without having to will anyone. This
final challenge is everything they've been waiting
for, and that means their guard might be down.
I would accept their bet to still my friend,
but tell them I'm not comfortable using a
knife because it's too messy, and ask to use the
wife's gun for the job, because it's cleaner and
less emotional. If they agree, this takes away
their best line of self-defense. And now, we
have a ranged weapon to rob them of all $250,000.
After everything that's happened this night, they
definitely won't call the police. And they'll have
no evidence of the robbery to prove what happened.
Now, Vince here, is definitely the biggest loser
of the night, with only $1,250. If I were him,
I'd leave my friend with the couple and
take the rest of the cash for myself, and
get out of there as quickly as possible, because
there's no honor among thieves. Inside the house,
Craig here, asks for a cab back home, but
the wife suddenly turns on a projector,
showing all the photos she's taken of the night.
The rich man tells him to go take the money he
won, while he waits for his taxi. But he doesn't
realize that Vince here is going in for the kill.
That's when Vince catches glimpses of
the photos. And when he realizes that
the whole night was setting him up for murder,
he has a change of heart. He tells his friend,
they should both leave, never expecting Craig to
shoot him in the back. Turning around in shock,
he realized that his friend was offered
the same deal and falls to the floor.
Craig here, finishes him off with one more
shot and stands the lone winner of the game.
Craig has earned all $250,000, which
is over five years of his salary.
Exhausted, he grabs a bag to put all his money
in and the couple thank him for the evening,
as they watch him leave. Colin here, hands his
wife $50 for winning a private bet that Craig
would be the winner of their death game. This
whole night was just for a $50 bet on which of
the two friends would go further. The man arrives
at his apartment complex and enters his unit,
soaked in mud. Dumping his
winnings all over the couch,
he goes to pick up his crying son and
that's when the lights suddenly turn on.
His wife is both shocked and
angry to see him covered in mud,
with bundles of stained cash he
dumped on the couch. All he can
do is stand there as his baby screams. And
he realizes that even with all this money,
his life still sucks. But what do you think?
How would you beat Cheap Thrills? Let me know
with a comment down below. Thank you so much
for watching. Leave a like and subscribe, and
check out the How To Beat playlist for more videos
like this. Until next time, have a damn good day.